Our website is started up by typing in npm install into the command line, but that hadn’t been working for me. 
The command prompt on my computer would just return errors saying it couldn’t find a package.json file. 
The solution to that is to cd into nashville-events!

As I looked for answers of how to make it run on my machine I needed to know what is npm? 
The world’s largest software library. It’s open source and is installed with node.js NPM stands for node package manager, 
all npm packages are defined in files called package.json. JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) can be used to make objects. 
Npm can also manage dependencies and install all the dependencies of a project (dependencies are also defined in package.json.
	I also did a firebase tutorial to help me get to know how to use the database functionality. 

I had more that I put on here, but it didn't commit because I didn't save the file eek! Living and learning

    2/13 Today I am figuring out the CSS and bootstrap to design a card for each event on the events page. 
    I was able to figure out how to show EventCard on the events page, but now I'm watching React tutorials, 
    because I'm still pretty unfamiliar with all of that. Once I have a basic grasp of React, I'm going to 
    design the cards.

    React notes: React can only return one dom element, so sometimes you must wrap stuff in a div. 
    Anything in braces will execute as normal JS. 

2/25 
    back to the drawing board with our app! I don't have concrete coding to work on right now
    so I'm learning webpack before learning more JavaScript, so 
    I can be more useful! Webpack is a better module loader for react. 
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kJVYpOqcVU
    Modules are a way to split up code and build separately. A page has
    a dependency on modules and have to be ordered a certain
    way. ./ means starting in our directory, ../ going back a directory.
    Install node.js - what is that?
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU9Q6oiQNd0
        Took JavaScript and allowed it to run on your computer, not the 
        browser. v8 from chrome now works on your computer, can access 
        files on your computer. 
        Used for either building on the machine: utilities for
        development. Can also be used for creating a web server. 
     Webpack config file overview

    ES 6 - used on node and react
    BableJS for transpiling. 
    Features - destructuring

     Okay back to JS
     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhkGQAoc7bc
     4:00

     Wrapping elements in parenthesis transpiles html to JavaScript, 
     not weird cause JS creates HTML. Use Webpack to have a live-reload. 
     Can either add to the url or create a script for it to run in the CL

     Onto Tutorial #2
     components return one DOM element. Must be wrapped in a div if 
     there's multiple. Want to keep render method clean. 

    Completed the Design Day Doc!

3/13
    Onto Tutorial #3
    in components folder making a component for layout
    usually want these to be capitalized
    import in client.js
    Header is a constructor, name of a class
    can also make a list variable
    pages/routes folder that has components in it

    Onto #4
    date gets handled through states or props
    this.state is by default equal to null
    can only set state in constructor
    react manages a virtual DOM for you
    updates only the changed elements, saves us a 
    lot of time updating the DOM (document object model)
    this.setState automatically rerenders
    use props if the change affects things
    other than the one element
3/18
    don't change it unless it's in the object 
    render method

    onto 5
    events and data changes
    have to change the state to have website change
    changeTitle method, always use .bind(this)
    so its called on the element you want
    make sure you have onChange if you want to
    change a value

    i feel like these are geared towards people
    who already know JS, so I'm gonna watch a
    tutorial on that

    JS code can be run in a browser or node
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6NZfCO5SIk
    15:00
    doing a tutorial 
    scripts at the end so website can load
    separation of concerns
    HTML - content, JS - behavior
    src = "index.js" in scripts
    VSCode integrated terminal

3/20
     19:00 doing a tutorial using variables 
     in js now! 
     
3/25
     let for variable, const for constant
     dynamically typed, type of variable can change
     all numbers of type number
     reference types in JS
     object - object literal {put keys or properties
     (variables in the object) in here}
     person['name'] == person.name
     with bracket notation you can have a variable
     for the variable changeTitle

     array just like Java, but can add additional 
     spots
     function greet(name) {
         console.leg('Hello ' + name)
     }

     greet('John');
     default to undefined

4/1 
    I've tried all week to figure out how to pull data from firebase and print it out to the webpage but no luck:/
    Getting lots of errors about it not recognizing firebase even though it should

4/8 and 4/10 working on the video!